[docs] Wiki update 3 (#379)
inexorgame/vulkan-renderer: documentation/source/faq/main.rst

- Vulkan API is the only low level multi platform graphics and compute API.

----

Which topics are currently not in focus of development?
-------------------------------------------------------

> - We are currently focussing on the renderer and Vulkan API. When the time has come, we will take parallelization into account.
> - A game engine needs other components besides redering of course. However, we are currently not focussing in the following topics: network, sound, physics, packaging of game engine ressources and everything else which is not related to rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We are currently focusing on the renderer and Vulkan API. When the time has come, we will take parallelization into account.
- A game engine needs other components besides rendering of course. However, we are currently not focusing on the following topics: networking, sound, physics, packaging of game engine resources, and everything else which is not related to rendering.
```

Author: Done.
